Add section Matrix element modification (#30)
rustsim/nalgebra.org: docs/vectors_and_matrices.md

let dynamic_times_static: DVector<_> = dynamic_m * static_v;
```

## Matrix element modification

> It is possible to modify elements of a matrix when it is mutable, especially:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to modify elements of a matrix when it is mutable. The following examples show how to:
```

> 
> * Modifying a single element
> * Modifying an entire row/colum
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modify a single element.
* Modify an entire row/column.
```

```rust
let mut m = Matrix3x4::new(11, 12, 13, 14,
                           21, 22, 23, 24,
                           31, 32, 33, 34);

> m[(0,2)] = -13;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
m[(0, 2)] = -13;
```

assert_eq!(m, Matrix3x4::new(11, 12, -13, 14,
                             21, 22, 23, 24,
                             31, 32, 33, 34));
                       

> m.set_column(1, &Vector3::new(-12,-22,-32));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
m.set_column(1, &Vector3::new(-12, -22, -32));
```

assert_eq!(m, Matrix3x4::new(11, -12, -13, 14,
                             21, -22, 23, 24,
                             31, -32, 33, 34));

> m.set_row(2, &Matrix1x4::new(-31, -32, -33, -34));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
m.set_row(2, &RowVector4::new(-31, -32, -33, -34));
```

assert_eq!(m, Matrix3x4::new(11, -12, -13, 14,
                             21, -22, 23, 24,
                             -31, -32, -33, -34));
```

> It is possible to change a column with a vector.
> However, it is not possible to change a row with a vector, it must be a row matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because types like `Vector3` are column vectors, i.e., matrices with dimension 3×1, they can only be used with `.set_column(...)`. For setting a row with `.set_row(...)` it is necessary to use a row vector. For example `RowVector4` is a 4D row vecto, i.e., a matrix with dimensions 4×1.
```
